The thing that makes me most proud is when others tell me how I help them
and that can come in multiple forms. When I'm at a local restaurant
and it's Veterans Day and someone buys me a beer, they say Thank
you for service, Um, that that really gets me because, like, I do realize
that, um, that's not just, um speaking from nothing. They know
that I actually went halfway around the world and I was fighting for
their rights to be free, fighting for their rights toe so that they
could enjoy this life, and it's tough. Some of us were in danger
there, especially like soldiers on the ground who were shot. And we
put ourselves through that and we come back for him to acknowledge that
that makes me very proud.